Using Razor Components in Razor Pages and MVC projects (#16098)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/components.md

After the component is initially rendered, the component regenerates its render tree in response to events. Blazor then compares the new render tree against the previous one and applies any modifications to the browser's Document Object Model (DOM).

Components are ordinary C# classes and can be placed anywhere within a project. Components that produce webpages usually reside in the *Pages* folder. Non-page components are frequently placed in the *Shared* folder or a custom folder added to the project.

Typically, a component's namespace is derived from the app's root namespace and the component's location (folder) within the app. If the app's root namespace is `BlazorApp` and the `Counter` component resides in the *Pages* folder:

* The `Counter` component's namespace is `BlazorApp.Pages`.

> * The fully qualified component reference is `BlazorApp.Pages.Counter`.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what a "component reference" is...Do we define that somewhere? How about:

```suggestion
* The the fully qualified type name of the component is `BlazorApp.Pages.Counter`.
```

> * Public class members are referenced by the namespace and component class. If the `Counter` component has a component parameter named `MyParameter`, its member reference is `BlazorApp.Pages.Counter.MyParameter`.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what we mean by member references here. Components are just normal .NET classes with members. This sounds like we're inventing a new concept. Should this bullet just be removed?

Author: Yes ... I just made that up (based on it being a "member." I'll drop this bullet. It's obvious.

For more information, see the [Import components](#import-components) section.

To use a custom folder, add the custom folder's namespace to either the parent component or to the app's *_Imports.razor* file. For example, the following namespace makes components in a *Components* folder available when the app's root namespace is `BlazorApp`:

```razor
@using BlazorApp.Components
```

## Integrate components into Razor Pages and MVC apps

> Razor components can be integrated into Razor Pages and MVC apps. When the page or view is rendered, components are prerendered at the same time.

Reviewer: Technically components don't have to be prerendered with the page or view. You might just render a placeholder (`RenderMode.Server`). 

```suggestion
Razor components can be integrated into Razor Pages and MVC apps. When the page or view is rendered, components can be prerendered at the same time.
```
